Add Incubating plugin doc again (#1826)
apollographql/apollo-android: doc/incubating-plugin.md

# Using the incubating plugin

The incubating plugin is in the `apollo-gradle-plugin-incubating`artifact. It is a rewrite of the plugin in Kotlin to make it more maintainable and have better support for multiple services.

```
buildscript {
    // Replace
    // classpath("com.apollographql.apollo:apollo-gradle-plugin")

>     // By

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // With
```

Reviewer: It also might be clearer with `Replace` -> `Replace:`, and `With` -> `With:`

    classpath("com.apollographql.apollo:apollo-gradle-plugin-incubating")
}
```

# Differences with the current plugin

### Plugin id is now `com.apollographql.apollo`

We renamed the plugin id from `com.apollographql.android` to `com.apollographql.apollo` to make it clear that the plugin works also for non Android projects. `com.apollographql.android` will be removed in a future revision.

```groovy
// Instead of

> // apply plugin: 'com.apollographql.android'

Reviewer: Actually, seeing the same thing in the `sourceSets` example below. Is it intentional?

> // apply plugin: 'com.apollographql.android'

Author: I was thinking that having them commented would convey the fact that they're not used anymore. But very happy to remove all theses.

> // apply plugin: 'com.apollographql.android'

Reviewer: I think either makes sense. Commenting might make it obvious that they shouldn't be copy-pasted. If you keep them as comments, I'd double check the indents, because some of them are a bit messed up

> // apply plugin: 'com.apollographql.android'

Author: I removed the comments => No more messed up indents :) (hopefully)

// Do this
apply plugin: 'com.apollographql.apollo'
```

### Using multiple services

The plugin now requires that you specify multiple services explicitely. If you previously had the following layout:

> ```bash

Author: Not reall, I removed it.

src/main/graphql/com/github/schema.json
src/main/graphql/com/github/GetRepositories.graphql
src/main/graphql/com/starwars/schema.json
src/main/graphql/com/starwars/GetHeroes.graphql
```

You will need to define 2 services:

```kotlin
apollo {
  service("github") {

>     sourceFolder.set("com.github")

Reviewer: Just double checking, is the _folder_ supposed to be `com.github`? Not `com/github`?

Author: Nice catch, thanks!

    rootPackageName.set("com.github")
  }
  service("starwars") {
    sourceFolder.set("com.starwars")
    rootPackageName.set("com.starwars")
  }
}
```

### Specifying schema and graphql files location

The root `schemaFilePath`, `outputPackageName` and `sourceSets.graphql` are removed and will throw an error if you try to use them. Instead you can use [CompilationUnit] to control what files the compiler will use as inputs.

```groovy
// Instead of
// sourceSets {
//  main.graphql.srcDirs += "/path/to/your/graphql/queries/dir"
//}

// Do this
apollo {
  onCompilationUnits {
     graphqlSourceDirectorySet.srcDirs += "/path/to/your/graphql/queries/dir"
  }
}

// Instead of
// apollo {
//  sourceSet {
//    schemaFilePath = "/path/to/your/schema.json"
//    exclude = "**/*.gql"
//  }
//  outputPackageName = "com.example"
//}

// Do this
apollo {
  onCompilationUnits {
     schemaFile = "/path/to/your/schema.json"
     graphqlSourceDirectorySet.exclude("**/*.gql")
     rootPackageName = "com.example"
  }
}
```

Read [plugin-configuration](plugin-configuration.md) for a complete description of what the different options do.

### Kotlin DSL

> The plugin uses gradle [Properties](https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/api/provider/Property.html) to support [lazy configuration](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/lazy_configuration.html) and wiring tasks together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin uses Gradle [Properties](https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/api/provider/Property.html) to support [lazy configuration](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/lazy_configuration.html) and wiring tasks together.
```

If you're using Groovy `build.gradle` build scripts it should work transparently but Kotlin `build.gradle.kts` build scripts will require you to use the [Property.set](https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/api/provider/Property.html#set-T-) API:

```kotlin
apollo {
  // Instead of
  // setGenerateKotlinModels(true)

  // Do this
  generateKotlinModels.set(true)
}
```

> Also, the classes of the plugin have been split between a [api](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android/tree/4692659508242d64882b8bff11efa7dcd555dbcc/apollo-gradle-plugin-incubating/src/main/kotlin/com/apollographql/apollo/gradle/api) part and an [internal](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android/tree/4692659508242d64882b8bff11efa7dcd555dbcc/apollo-gradle-plugin-incubating/src/main/kotlin/com/apollographql/apollo/gradle/internal) one. If you were relying on fully qualified class names from your `build.gradle.kts` files, you will have to tweak them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the classes of the plugin have been split into an [api](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android/tree/4692659508242d64882b8bff11efa7dcd555dbcc/apollo-gradle-plugin-incubating/src/main/kotlin/com/apollographql/apollo/gradle/api) part and an [internal](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android/tree/4692659508242d64882b8bff11efa7dcd555dbcc/apollo-gradle-plugin-incubating/src/main/kotlin/com/apollographql/apollo/gradle/internal) one. If you were relying on fully qualified class names from your `build.gradle.kts` files, you will have to tweak them:
```

```kotlin
// Instead of
// import com.apollographql.apollo.gradle.ApolloExtension

// Never rely on internal classes, they might change without warning
// import com.apollographql.apollo.gradle.internal.DefaultApolloExtension

// Do this
import com.apollographql.apollo.gradle.api.ApolloExtension
```

#  Configuration reference

> Apollo-Android comes with logical defaults that will work for the majority of use cases, below you will find additional configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo-Android comes with logical defaults that will work for the majority of use cases. Below you will find additional configuration.
```

## Service

> Apollo-Android can use several services for multiple schemas and endpoints. The schema and graphql files related to different services must be in different folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo-Android can use several services for multiple schemas and endpoints. The schema and GraphQL files related to different services must be in different folders.
```

You can configure services by calling `ApolloExtension.service(String)`:

```groovy
apollo {
  service("github") {
    // src/{foo}/graphql/github
    sourceFolder.set("github")
  }
  service("starwars") {
    // src/{foo}/graphql/starwars
    sourceFolder.set("starwars")
  }
}
```

> A service will compile all your graphql files for all variants in your project. For a simple JVM project it's usually just one variant but for android projects, you can define different queries for different variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service will compile all your GraphQL files for all variants in your project. For a simple JVM project it's usually just one variant but for Android projects, you can define different queries for different variants.
```
